docs: add translations to the k8s plugins (#413)
ti-community-infra/tichi: docs/en/plugins/require-matching-label.md

## Design

This plugin was designed and developed by the Kubernetes community. In addition to implementing the core feature of matching labels based on regular expressions, it also takes into account the fact that there may be automated tools to assist in labeling when an issue or PR is first created, so it supports delayed detection (default is 5 seconds), waiting for a period of time before matching and check whether the labels meet the requirements.

## Parameter Configuration 

| Parameter Name  | Type   | Description                                           |
| --------------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| org             | string | Organization                                          |
| repo            | string | Repository                                            |
| branch          | string | Branch                                                |
| prs             | bool   | Whether to apply to PR                                |
| issues          | bool   | Whether to apply to Issue                             |
| regexp          | string | label regular expressions                             |

> | missing_label   | string | When no matching label is found, the label is added   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| missing_label   | string | When no matching label is found, add this label to the Issue / PR   |
```
